Update remappings and install instructions for Foundry on docs site (#4498)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

[[install]]
=== Installation

==== Hardhat, Truffle (npm)

```console
$ npm install @openzeppelin/contracts
```

> OpenZeppelin Contracts features a [stable API](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/releases-stability#api-stability), which means that your contracts won't break unexpectedly when upgrading to a newer minor version.

Reviewer: This is not markdown, let's keep

```suggestion
OpenZeppelin Contracts features a xref:releases-stability.adoc#api-stability[stable API], which means that your contracts won't break unexpectedly when upgrading to a newer minor version.
```
